base.0.conv.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.0.conv.weight              
base.0.norm.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.0.norm.weight              
base.0.norm.bias                                   detector.backbone.base.0.norm.bias                
base.0.norm.running_mean                           detector.backbone.base.0.norm._mean               
base.0.norm.running_var                            detector.backbone.base.0.norm._variance           
base.1.conv.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.1.conv.weight              
base.1.norm.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.1.norm.weight              
base.1.norm.bias                                   detector.backbone.base.1.norm.bias                
base.1.norm.running_mean                           detector.backbone.base.1.norm._mean               
base.1.norm.running_var                            detector.backbone.base.1.norm._variance           
base.3.layers.0.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.0.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.0.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.0.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.0.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.0.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.0.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.0.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.0.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.0.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.1.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.1.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.1.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.1.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.1.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.1.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.1.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.1.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.1.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.1.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.2.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.2.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.2.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.2.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.2.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.2.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.2.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.2.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.2.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.2.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.3.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.3.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.3.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.3.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.3.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.3.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.3.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.3.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.3.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.3.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.4.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.4.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.4.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.4.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.4.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.4.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.4.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.4.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.4.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.4.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.5.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.5.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.5.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.5.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.5.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.5.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.5.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.5.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.5.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.5.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.6.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.6.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.6.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.6.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.6.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.6.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.6.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.6.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.6.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.6.norm._variance  
base.3.layers.7.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.7.conv.weight     
base.3.layers.7.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.3.layers.7.norm.weight     
base.3.layers.7.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.3.layers.7.norm.bias       
base.3.layers.7.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.3.layers.7.norm._mean      
base.3.layers.7.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.3.layers.7.norm._variance  
base.4.conv.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.4.conv.weight              
base.4.norm.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.4.norm.weight              
base.4.norm.bias                                   detector.backbone.base.4.norm.bias                
base.4.norm.running_mean                           detector.backbone.base.4.norm._mean               
base.4.norm.running_var                            detector.backbone.base.4.norm._variance           
base.6.layers.0.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.0.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.0.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.0.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.0.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.0.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.0.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.0.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.0.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.0.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.1.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.1.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.1.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.1.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.1.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.1.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.1.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.1.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.1.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.1.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.2.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.2.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.2.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.2.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.2.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.2.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.2.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.2.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.2.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.2.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.3.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.3.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.3.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.3.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.3.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.3.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.3.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.3.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.3.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.3.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.4.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.4.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.4.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.4.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.4.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.4.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.4.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.4.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.4.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.4.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.5.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.5.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.5.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.5.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.5.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.5.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.5.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.5.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.5.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.5.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.6.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.6.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.6.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.6.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.6.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.6.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.6.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.6.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.6.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.6.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.7.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.7.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.7.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.7.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.7.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.7.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.7.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.7.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.7.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.7.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.8.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.8.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.8.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.8.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.8.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.8.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.8.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.8.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.8.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.8.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.9.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.9.conv.weight     
base.6.layers.9.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.6.layers.9.norm.weight     
base.6.layers.9.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.6.layers.9.norm.bias       
base.6.layers.9.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.9.norm._mean      
base.6.layers.9.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.6.layers.9.norm._variance  
base.6.layers.10.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.10.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.10.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.10.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.10.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.10.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.10.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.10.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.10.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.10.norm._variance 
base.6.layers.11.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.11.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.11.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.11.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.11.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.11.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.11.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.11.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.11.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.11.norm._variance 
base.6.layers.12.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.12.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.12.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.12.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.12.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.12.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.12.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.12.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.12.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.12.norm._variance 
base.6.layers.13.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.13.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.13.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.13.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.13.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.13.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.13.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.13.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.13.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.13.norm._variance 
base.6.layers.14.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.14.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.14.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.14.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.14.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.14.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.14.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.14.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.14.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.14.norm._variance 
base.6.layers.15.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.15.conv.weight    
base.6.layers.15.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.6.layers.15.norm.weight    
base.6.layers.15.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.6.layers.15.norm.bias      
base.6.layers.15.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.6.layers.15.norm._mean     
base.6.layers.15.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.6.layers.15.norm._variance 
base.7.conv.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.7.conv.weight              
base.7.norm.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.7.norm.weight              
base.7.norm.bias                                   detector.backbone.base.7.norm.bias                
base.7.norm.running_mean                           detector.backbone.base.7.norm._mean               
base.7.norm.running_var                            detector.backbone.base.7.norm._variance           
base.8.layers.0.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.0.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.0.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.0.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.0.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.0.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.0.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.0.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.0.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.0.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.1.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.1.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.1.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.1.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.1.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.1.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.1.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.1.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.1.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.1.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.2.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.2.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.2.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.2.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.2.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.2.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.2.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.2.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.2.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.2.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.3.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.3.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.3.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.3.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.3.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.3.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.3.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.3.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.3.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.3.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.4.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.4.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.4.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.4.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.4.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.4.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.4.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.4.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.4.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.4.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.5.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.5.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.5.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.5.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.5.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.5.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.5.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.5.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.5.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.5.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.6.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.6.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.6.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.6.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.6.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.6.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.6.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.6.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.6.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.6.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.7.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.7.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.7.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.7.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.7.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.7.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.7.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.7.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.7.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.7.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.8.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.8.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.8.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.8.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.8.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.8.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.8.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.8.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.8.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.8.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.9.conv.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.9.conv.weight     
base.8.layers.9.norm.weight                        detector.backbone.base.8.layers.9.norm.weight     
base.8.layers.9.norm.bias                          detector.backbone.base.8.layers.9.norm.bias       
base.8.layers.9.norm.running_mean                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.9.norm._mean      
base.8.layers.9.norm.running_var                   detector.backbone.base.8.layers.9.norm._variance  
base.8.layers.10.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.10.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.10.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.10.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.10.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.10.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.10.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.10.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.10.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.10.norm._variance 
base.8.layers.11.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.11.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.11.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.11.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.11.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.11.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.11.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.11.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.11.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.11.norm._variance 
base.8.layers.12.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.12.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.12.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.12.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.12.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.12.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.12.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.12.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.12.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.12.norm._variance 
base.8.layers.13.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.13.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.13.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.13.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.13.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.13.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.13.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.13.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.13.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.13.norm._variance 
base.8.layers.14.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.14.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.14.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.14.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.14.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.14.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.14.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.14.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.14.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.14.norm._variance 
base.8.layers.15.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.15.conv.weight    
base.8.layers.15.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.8.layers.15.norm.weight    
base.8.layers.15.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.8.layers.15.norm.bias      
base.8.layers.15.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.8.layers.15.norm._mean     
base.8.layers.15.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.8.layers.15.norm._variance 
base.9.conv.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.9.conv.weight              
base.9.norm.weight                                 detector.backbone.base.9.norm.weight              
base.9.norm.bias                                   detector.backbone.base.9.norm.bias                
base.9.norm.running_mean                           detector.backbone.base.9.norm._mean               
base.9.norm.running_var                            detector.backbone.base.9.norm._variance           
base.11.layers.0.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.0.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.0.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.0.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.0.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.0.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.0.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.0.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.0.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.0.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.1.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.1.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.1.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.1.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.1.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.1.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.1.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.1.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.1.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.1.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.2.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.2.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.2.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.2.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.2.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.2.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.2.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.2.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.2.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.2.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.3.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.3.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.3.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.3.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.3.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.3.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.3.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.3.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.3.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.3.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.4.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.4.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.4.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.4.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.4.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.4.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.4.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.4.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.4.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.4.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.5.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.5.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.5.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.5.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.5.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.5.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.5.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.5.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.5.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.5.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.6.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.6.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.6.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.6.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.6.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.6.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.6.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.6.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.6.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.6.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.7.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.7.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.7.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.7.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.7.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.7.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.7.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.7.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.7.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.7.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.8.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.8.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.8.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.8.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.8.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.8.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.8.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.8.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.8.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.8.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.9.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.9.conv.weight    
base.11.layers.9.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.11.layers.9.norm.weight    
base.11.layers.9.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.11.layers.9.norm.bias      
base.11.layers.9.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.9.norm._mean     
base.11.layers.9.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.11.layers.9.norm._variance 
base.11.layers.10.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.10.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.10.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.10.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.10.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.10.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.10.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.10.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.10.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.10.norm._variance
base.11.layers.11.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.11.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.11.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.11.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.11.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.11.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.11.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.11.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.11.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.11.norm._variance
base.11.layers.12.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.12.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.12.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.12.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.12.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.12.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.12.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.12.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.12.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.12.norm._variance
base.11.layers.13.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.13.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.13.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.13.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.13.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.13.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.13.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.13.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.13.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.13.norm._variance
base.11.layers.14.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.14.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.14.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.14.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.14.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.14.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.14.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.14.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.14.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.14.norm._variance
base.11.layers.15.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.15.conv.weight   
base.11.layers.15.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.11.layers.15.norm.weight   
base.11.layers.15.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.11.layers.15.norm.bias     
base.11.layers.15.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.11.layers.15.norm._mean    
base.11.layers.15.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.11.layers.15.norm._variance
base.12.conv.weight                                detector.backbone.base.12.conv.weight             
base.12.norm.weight                                detector.backbone.base.12.norm.weight             
base.12.norm.bias                                  detector.backbone.base.12.norm.bias               
base.12.norm.running_mean                          detector.backbone.base.12.norm._mean              
base.12.norm.running_var                           detector.backbone.base.12.norm._variance          
base.13.layers.0.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.0.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.0.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.0.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.0.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.0.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.0.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.0.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.0.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.0.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.1.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.1.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.1.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.1.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.1.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.1.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.1.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.1.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.1.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.1.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.2.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.2.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.2.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.2.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.2.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.2.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.2.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.2.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.2.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.2.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.3.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.3.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.3.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.3.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.3.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.3.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.3.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.3.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.3.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.3.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.4.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.4.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.4.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.4.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.4.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.4.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.4.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.4.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.4.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.4.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.5.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.5.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.5.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.5.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.5.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.5.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.5.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.5.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.5.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.5.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.6.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.6.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.6.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.6.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.6.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.6.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.6.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.6.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.6.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.6.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.7.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.7.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.7.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.7.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.7.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.7.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.7.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.7.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.7.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.7.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.8.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.8.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.8.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.8.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.8.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.8.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.8.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.8.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.8.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.8.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.9.conv.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.9.conv.weight    
base.13.layers.9.norm.weight                       detector.backbone.base.13.layers.9.norm.weight    
base.13.layers.9.norm.bias                         detector.backbone.base.13.layers.9.norm.bias      
base.13.layers.9.norm.running_mean                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.9.norm._mean     
base.13.layers.9.norm.running_var                  detector.backbone.base.13.layers.9.norm._variance 
base.13.layers.10.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.10.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.10.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.10.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.10.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.10.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.10.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.10.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.10.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.10.norm._variance
base.13.layers.11.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.11.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.11.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.11.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.11.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.11.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.11.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.11.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.11.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.11.norm._variance
base.13.layers.12.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.12.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.12.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.12.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.12.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.12.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.12.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.12.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.12.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.12.norm._variance
base.13.layers.13.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.13.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.13.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.13.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.13.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.13.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.13.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.13.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.13.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.13.norm._variance
base.13.layers.14.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.14.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.14.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.14.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.14.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.14.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.14.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.14.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.14.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.14.norm._variance
base.13.layers.15.conv.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.15.conv.weight   
base.13.layers.15.norm.weight                      detector.backbone.base.13.layers.15.norm.weight   
base.13.layers.15.norm.bias                        detector.backbone.base.13.layers.15.norm.bias     
base.13.layers.15.norm.running_mean                detector.backbone.base.13.layers.15.norm._mean    
base.13.layers.15.norm.running_var                 detector.backbone.base.13.layers.15.norm._variance
last_proj.conv.weight                              detector.neck.last_proj.conv.weight               
last_proj.norm.weight                              detector.neck.last_proj.norm.weight               
last_proj.norm.bias                                detector.neck.last_proj.norm.bias                 
last_proj.norm.running_mean                        detector.neck.last_proj.norm._mean                
last_proj.norm.running_var                         detector.neck.last_proj.norm._variance            
last_blk.layers.0.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.0.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.0.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.0.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.0.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.0.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.0.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.0.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.0.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.0.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.1.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.1.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.1.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.1.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.1.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.1.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.1.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.1.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.1.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.1.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.2.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.2.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.2.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.2.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.2.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.2.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.2.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.2.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.2.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.2.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.3.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.3.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.3.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.3.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.3.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.3.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.3.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.3.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.3.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.3.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.4.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.4.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.4.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.4.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.4.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.4.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.4.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.4.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.4.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.4.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.5.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.5.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.5.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.5.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.5.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.5.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.5.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.5.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.5.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.5.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.6.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.6.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.6.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.6.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.6.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.6.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.6.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.6.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.6.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.6.norm._variance    
last_blk.layers.7.conv.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.7.conv.weight       
last_blk.layers.7.norm.weight                      detector.neck.last_blk.layers.7.norm.weight       
last_blk.layers.7.norm.bias                        detector.neck.last_blk.layers.7.norm.bias         
last_blk.layers.7.norm.running_mean                detector.neck.last_blk.layers.7.norm._mean        
last_blk.layers.7.norm.running_var                 detector.neck.last_blk.layers.7.norm._variance    
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.0.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.1.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.2.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.3.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.4.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.5.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.6.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.0.layers.7.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.0.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.1.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.2.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.3.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.4.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.5.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.6.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.1.layers.7.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.0.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.1.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.2.norm._variance
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.conv.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.conv.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.weight               detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.weight
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.bias                 detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.bias  
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.running_mean         detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm._mean 
denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm.running_var          detector.neck.denseBlocksUp.2.layers.3.norm._variance
conv1x1_up.0.conv.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.0.conv.weight            
conv1x1_up.0.norm.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.0.norm.weight            
conv1x1_up.0.norm.bias                             detector.neck.conv1x1_up.0.norm.bias              
conv1x1_up.0.norm.running_mean                     detector.neck.conv1x1_up.0.norm._mean             
conv1x1_up.0.norm.running_var                      detector.neck.conv1x1_up.0.norm._variance         
conv1x1_up.1.conv.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.1.conv.weight            
conv1x1_up.1.norm.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.1.norm.weight            
conv1x1_up.1.norm.bias                             detector.neck.conv1x1_up.1.norm.bias              
conv1x1_up.1.norm.running_mean                     detector.neck.conv1x1_up.1.norm._mean             
conv1x1_up.1.norm.running_var                      detector.neck.conv1x1_up.1.norm._variance         
conv1x1_up.2.conv.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.2.conv.weight            
conv1x1_up.2.norm.weight                           detector.neck.conv1x1_up.2.norm.weight            
conv1x1_up.2.norm.bias                             detector.neck.conv1x1_up.2.norm.bias              
conv1x1_up.2.norm.running_mean                     detector.neck.conv1x1_up.2.norm._mean             
conv1x1_up.2.norm.running_var                      detector.neck.conv1x1_up.2.norm._variance         
hm.0.weight                                        detector.head.heatmap.0.conv.weight
hm.0.bias                                          detector.head.heatmap.0.conv.bias
hm.2.weight                                        detector.head.heatmap.2.conv.weight
hm.2.bias                                          detector.head.heatmap.2.conv.bias
wh.0.weight                                        detector.head.size.0.conv.weight
wh.0.bias                                          detector.head.size.0.conv.bias
wh.2.weight                                        detector.head.size.2.conv.weight
wh.2.bias                                          detector.head.size.2.conv.bias